Commit Styling (#653)
Pycord-Development/pycord: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

By submitting a pull request, you agree that; 1) You hold the copyright on all submitted code inside said pull request; 2) You agree to transfer all rights to the owner of this repository, and; 3) If you are found to be in fault with any of the above, we shall not be held responsible in any way after the pull request has been merged.

## Git Commit Styling

Not following this guideline could lead to your pull being squashed for a cleaner commit history

Some style guides we would recommed using in your pulls:

The [conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) style is a very widely used style and a good style to start with.

The [gitmoji](https://gitmoji.dev) style guide would make your pull look more lively and different to others.

> We dont limit nor deny you using anyother style although, please make sure it is apropriate and makes sense in this library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We don't limit nor deny your pulls when you're using another style although, please make sure it is appropriate and makes sense in this library.
```
